of a silly terrorist group fighting
against Shiites and iran says his
organization has close links with the
CIA the head of the Jindal our group was
captured earlier this week in the south
the country abemolik really says he met
the US agents in Pakistan came from
support for carrying out terrorist
attacks in Iran you know go through the
mother angelic polygon either employee
go ahead Munoz the Americans promised to
give us aid they said they cooperate
with us and give me military equipment
arms and machine guns they told me that
in Kyrgyzstan they have a base called
manasse near bishkek and that in a place
like this some high-ranking American
person could come and we could reach an
agreement on making personal contacts
the Americans said Iran was going its
own way and they said their problem at
the present is Iran not al-qaeda not the
Taliban their main problem is Iran one
of the CIA officer said that it was too
difficult for them to attack Iran
militarily but they plan to give aid and
support to all anti-iranian groups that
have the capability to wage war and
create difficulty for the Islamic state
well Apple Malik Ricky also says he was
captured a while on his way to a meeting
with a high-ranking American official
and semen ass military base in
Kyrgyzstan the US has denied having any
links with the group investigative
journalist Webster Tarpley has the
background story on dundela this is
Jundullah or the wiki brothers
organization it's a family firm you
might say which operates as a terrorist
organization it's widely thought to be
based in Pakistan but it operates in
Iran on the other side of that border
and it's also thought to engage in a lot
of smuggling drug running and now
they've they branched out into terrorism
they've blown up a mosque killing 25
people a couple of years ago last
October they blew up about 50 Iranians
including some top commanders of the
Iranian Revolutionary Guard so the guys
now been captured this Abdul Malik Wiggy
was the number one most wanted terrorist
on the Iranian most wanted list and they
claimed that in a very dramatic action
they caught him when he was trying to
fly from Dubai to cure gzo or Kyrgyzstan
and they forced him down in Iran it's
Mendez victory for the for the Iranians
because they've essentially decapitated
this very very threatening terror group
and this this group has been around of
course for a long time Jundullah just a
little bit of background Seymour Hersh
of The New Yorker the London Daily
Telegraph and Brian Ross of ABC News all
agree that they're on the CIA payroll
this is the four hundred million dollars
in the Iran regime change act approved
under under Bush guy had been meeting
with some say the nato secretary general
yep the hoop scheffer met this terrorist
certainly NATO generals in Afghanistan
so they operate as an arm of NATO
strategy in the entire region
investigative journalist Webster Tarpley
talking earlier in our Washington studio